ah team so a problem space of ipfs and
websites ended up being around 4 billion
pages plus or minus big so the group
ended up emerging on the topic of search
as a bit of interest for us some of the
problems things are hard to find hard to
discover hard to index hard to
disambiguate one thing from another
thing and how to incentivize people
contributing to a distributed index or
contributing their responses want to
talk a little bit about thank you yeah
so I guess search is a is a big problem
like you said and it helps to make it
smaller by thinking about ways we could
create an index that could provide
search results so we sort of broke it
down into three categories although
there's a lot of shotgun spring of ideas
active indexing is like I as a content
creator do my part in providing keywords
and creating indexes passive indexing an
idea that I think you had right where
you sort of based on your browser
history things that you opt into can
collect and index along the way and then
this third category which I don't really
know what it totally means but one idea
is to kind of create marketplaces for a
search and economically incentivize
people or groups of people to make
indexes and yeah I think that's pretty
much it unless you have our third form
of index is the dystopian one when your
computer is observing everything so if
not only it's collecting your browser
habits but it's looking at your playlist
and can detect like breakup songs and
like offer you wine that kind of stuff
which might come in handy next slide
and we are also launching our product
which is no-go which is a search engine
for is disease make poisonous and the
answer is always yes because that's
never a bad answer for that question
[Applause]